
Warning: Declaration of HB_Upgrader_Skin::feedback($string) should be compatible with WP_Upgrader_Skin::feedback($feedback, ...$args) in /hermes/bosnacweb05/bosnacweb05ci/b1562/dom.obrinkmann40741/public_html/wp-content/themes/HighendWP/hbframework/admin/utilities/class-install-plugins.php on line 14
Football - Eye Q
ScanningDecision MakingField VisionContactStay in Touch
Become the best ‘reader of the game’

Learn the skill of “Scanning”. A method of getting your head up prior to coming into contact with the ball in order to know what it is you are going to do when the ball arrives.
Learn to move well in advance
Develop a sixth-sense and become a player who is able to see one or two moves ahead and prepares accordingly. Create better tactical situations in all areas of the field.

Practice quick & better decisions making
Practice not to look down at the ball. Develop a wide view of the field and make a decision before you receive the ball or even if you don’t receive the ball.

Develop the ability to 'scan the field'
“Anticipate”, “Be aware” and “Look around” – be aware of teammates’ and opponents’ positions and movements. Identify the optimum position in order to be ready for any ball that may come.

Vision
Vision is a critical component for players, and not a lot of people realise that you can “train” your eyes and mind just like you can train other parts of your body. Football Eye Q vision training can help work on improving the visual abilities of an athlete and is a great way to gain a competitive edge. This is especially important in a sport where you need strong peripheral vision to scan quickly for your teammates, keep an eye on your opponents, an ability to quickly and clearly see up and down the field, track a ball at your feet, in the air at different heights and speeds. The difference can be significant. So, when you are training to become the next generation of stars in your game, be sure to provide an edge by making Football Eye Q a part of the training sessions.

Football Eye Q

With Football Eye Q, you expand your range of vision and head swivelling technic. Develop intention in every practice & game and start making intelligent decisions with or without possession of the ball. An advanced training system to develop peripheral vision and head movement to see more and play faster.

Interactive Training
Football Eye Q is an interactive training method that works with random light signals. Players need to turn their heads and check their surroundings for light signals and make decisions based on the information processed by the player.

See | Think | Do
The Football Eye Q units light up either red, green, or blue in a fully random pattern. Players cannot predict what situation comes next and they must constantly evaluate the changing environment.

Charge & Forget
A fully charged battery lasts for 48 hours of uninterrupted practice. Depending on your usage pattern you might be able to use Football Eye Q for a couple of weeks without having to worry about recharging.

Game Intelligence
Football Eye Q teaches players being able to take their eyes off the ball to develop their “game intelligence” on and off the ball. Rather make a decision AFTER receiving the ball; Football Eye Q teaches them to mentally prepare to make decisions BEFORE they receive the ball.

Practice The Way You Play
Practice in the same way as you want to play the game. Football Eye Q exercises treat every practice like a regular game. Our exercises require players to scan the field constantly thus replicating true game situations where spaces and angles are constantly changing. No situation is ever exactly repeated.

Be Ahead Of The Game
Just like any other skill be that speed, dribbling, passing etc. a player should also work on their vision. Good vision promotes other important qualities like calmness. Since you know where opponents and teammates are you are ready for a smart one-touch pass, or just being calm in possession.  With Football Eye Q you are already ahead of the game!

I'M IN. STAY IN TOUCH
Develop greater game awareness

One way to improve decision making at speed is to develop greater game awareness. The more aware of the game situation the player is, the quicker they can come to a decision before they receive the ball. In fact, as almost 93% of the game is spent without the ball, this puts a premium on awareness and positioning before receiving the ball.
Interesting Facts

0.5
Scan Rate

2
Passes Ahead

200
Mental Top Speed

84
Minutes Off The Ball
Contact us today!

New Zealand +64 (0)29 200 89 88
Our Football Eye Q training aid is currently in its prototype stage. This involves producing an early, inexpensive, and scaled down version of the product in order to reveal any problems with the current concept. Prototyping offers our designers and product developers the opportunity to bring their ideas to life, test the practicability of the current design, and to potentially investigate how a sample of users think and feel about a product. Please sign up for our newsletter to become an early adopter and to hear when we launch our product. Or just give us a call to discuss in person.
I'M IN. SIGN ME UP!





© 2025 Football Eye Q

Privacy 